There once was a boy named Chris
And after he took a piss
His dick got caught in the toilet seat
And his roommate brought home some wheat
What did he do with the wheat?
did he eat?
did he make bread out of the wheat?
or did he use the wheat to beat his meat?
There once was a boy named Chris
The wheat was made with a kiss
He baked it into some bread
But he ended up dropping dead
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, 
and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, 
and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and 
I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. 
You are nothing to me but just another very handsome target. 
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. 
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. 
As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. 
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. 
You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. 
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. 
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. 
But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. 
I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. 
You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Then he rose from the dead and wanted to buy a standing desk
But to afford it he had to start burlesque
And then he ended up having to pay some ransom
for his lover Safi whom he found very handsome
There once was a boy named Safi
Who joined the Canadian Navy
The enemy blew up his behind
Because he tripped and fell on a mine
There was a boy named Safi
He had some Laffy taffy
He wanted to code in Java
But he fell straignt into the lava
There was a boy named Nick who had to get shot
It was in the arm every week because he was an after thought
He was born a very bad boy who could not handle allergies
And he lived in three Trump ruled alternate realities
There  were two lads named Safi and Chris
They wandered into the howling abyss
All of a sudden came a guy called Nick
Chris told Safi Nick was a giant prick
There were two girls named Maria and Sam
Both met Safi for the first time and went Damn
They thought about him every single day
There were two girls named Maria and Sam
Both met Safi and were like "damn"
They thought about him at night
Because they decided they needed a fright